hey guys today we're gonna be making a
type of thing so that's what it looks
like the end result so let's get on with
it so you will need a piece of printer
paper a roll of sticky tape and a roll
up so put the Rasta KK side and put your
ruler on and bring the paper up to the
edge of the ruler if you need a bit more
space just pull the ruler off of it then
flip over the paper and do the same
thing so just flip it over and make sure
you inline it and then flip the paper
over again and just fold it back like
that and yeah that's like that then look
the madolora keep doing that a couple of
times till we get to the edge can be as
neat as possible
once you're done just slide the ruler up
and there you've got that so now you
bring one side of the bottom edges and
bring it up to make a strong handle then
grab up it up sticky tape and just wrap
it around it so you get a strong handle
wrap it around so you get some handled
so then you've got the handle now you
can just spread it down out a bit
something like that so that's how to
make a paper
thanks for watching